Why is Git Branches? 

Git Branches is used if you will building new aplications that may break your code or they are not finished yet and you dont't want save
them to the main Branche.  But if you finished the new aplications and have certain, can merge with the main branche. 

    1- git branch (The currently branch and where the star meaning you are currently on that branch)  
    To get out use: Q
    2- git checkout -b name_of_the_branch 
    3- git checkout name_of_the_branch (switch between branche)
    4- Modifie the file 
    5- git add 
    6- git diff name_of_the_branch (To see what was modify) 
    6- Git commit 
    7- git push -u origin name_of_the_branch (for set up branch) 

    If you want you can do a pull request to merge 

    8- After a pull request you can delete if dont use anymore: 

    git branch -d branch_name

    - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

    Git conflicts in locally: 


    Lets take a look in real life situation: There's something called merging conflicts in git where basically you're building
    your own branch and maybe other people are writting code on their branches. And master/main is getting updateded from different 
    places. So its possible for multiple people to change same files. And sometimes git doesn't understand know which code you want 
    to keep, or which code is redudant, or which code you want to get rid of.  To solve this: Manually 

    Lets try that out: 

    1- Create a new branch 
    2- Add something in branch that you created
    3- git commit -am (Will commit and add at same time. However is used to modify a file dont to create one)
    4- Change the branche and modifie the same line (main/master)
    5- If you try change the branch after the same line, will apper a massage: 

        error: Your local changes to the following files would be overwritten by checkout:
            README.md
        Please commit your changes or stash them before you switch branches.
        Aborting 
    
    The git dont letting me change branches because i have local changes that line added in main and its says it's going to be overwritten if i change branches.
    So its asking me to commit before i change, so that way line two will be save in get in main branch and wont be lost when i change branches

    To solve it: add and commit.  

    6- Select the branch you would like to merge: 
    git merge branch_name  

    With that main or master branch will gets updated from the feature brach 

    7- Save your main or master branch and the feature branch. So select the main brach and push. 
    - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

    Useful commands: 

    git merge (will merge your branch) 
    git push origin --delete branch_name (To delete your branch in remote)
    git branch -d (delete branch you merged in local)
    git branch -D (The capital 'D' offer you gets delete in a forced way when '-d' doesnt work in local).