Forking a Repository on GitHub:

1- Navigate to the Repository:

2- Go to the repository you want to fork on GitHub by accessing it through the browser.
Find the "Fork" Button:

3- In the upper right corner of the repository page, you will find the "Fork" button. Click on it.
Choose the Fork Destination:

4- A pop-up window will appear, asking you to choose where to fork. Select your own account (or the organization you want to associate the fork with) as the destination.
Wait for the Fork Process:

GitHub will now create a copy of the repository in your account. This may take some time depending on the size of the repository.
Clone the Forked Repository (Optional):

5- After forking, you can clone the repository to your local computer using the git clone command in the terminal. This will allow you to make changes to the code.


    git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-fork.git

Now you have a copy of the repository in your GitHub account and, if desired, on your local computer. You can make changes, experiment, and when ready,
you can submit a pull request to the original repository for your changes to be considered by the project maintainer.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Sending Changes from Your Fork Back to the Original Project:

Submitting changes from your fork back to the original project is done through a "pull request". 
Here is a step-by-step guide on how to do this:

1- Make Changes in Your Fork: Modify and commit.

2- Go to the page of your fork on GitHub and click on the "New pull request" button.
and select Branches 

3- Choose the branch from your fork that contains the modifications on the left side and the branch from the original project on the right side.
Review the Modifications:

4- Make sure to review the modifications you are requesting to ensure everything is correct.
Create the Pull Request:

5- Click on the button to create the pull request. You can add a description explaining your changes.
Wait for the Review:

Now, the maintainers of the original project will have the opportunity to review your changes.
They can approve, request additional changes, or discuss the modifications with you.






