What's SSH Key? 

    The SSH is a key prove to GitHub you are the owner of the account. It's like a bridge that connects your local machine at your account
    in a safe way. The first time you do a push command Git doesn't know about where spot your account.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
    To Generate a SSH Key type it in CLI: 
 
    1- Generate a SSH Key and Specify the type of encryption: 
        SSH-keygen -t rsa -b encryption_value -C email 

        More or less real example: 

        SSH-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C your_email@gmail.com 
    
        The encryption is a variable, but here the communs values: 

        b- 2048: Used for most cases.
        b- 3072: Used for enhanced security.
        b- 4096: Stronger than 3072.

        The option -b shows the number of bits. Therefore, the higher the number of bits, the more complex the encryption is and then more 
        low to proceess. 

   2-  Search key that you been generated
        ls | grep testkey 

        but if you see all the key locally 

        ls -al ~/.ssh

        tip:  When you search files, remember stay into the directory 

    3- Public key vs Private

        public key: Put it in GitHub --> (Put it in GitHub)
        private key: keep secure on your local machine and dont follow (Connect with GitHub, push code or use your account on your local machine.
        Used to Show GitHub that you generate this public key)

    4 - Copy public key 

        Use command cat to show what's inside the file where is the public key and copy and put it on github 

        If you have doubt about 'cat', you should see Basics in 'commands.txt'. 

        When you add a key will apper two options: 
        1- Authentication key - Whith this option you allow access and authenticate your identify in GitHub as: Clone, push, or pull 
        2- Signing key - When has select this option you add a extra layer of authentication to informate that commits has made from you (literilly a sign)

        In that case use: Authentication Key 

    5 - Start ssh-agent 

    Put it on GitBash: eval `ssh-agent -s`
ssh-add

        SSH needs two things in order to use ssh-agent: an ssh-agent instance running in the background, and an environment variable set that tells SSH which socket it should use to                connect to the agent (SSH_AUTH_SOCK IIRC).

    6- Add ssh to your local Machine 

    Put it on Gitbash: ssh-add ~/.ssh/id_rsa

    7- Test your SSH-key 

    Use ssh -T git@github.com and you gonna see: 

    The authenticity of host 'github.com (207.97.227.239)' can't be established.

    RSA key fingerprint is 16:27:ac:a5:76:28:2d:36:63:1b:56:4d:eb:df:a6:48.
    Are you sure you want to continue connecting (yes/no)?
    Type yes and enter: 

    Hi username! You've successfully authenticated, but GitHub does not provide shell access.
